For consistency and compatibly with all test cases, it is essential that you adhere to the gameplay commands detailed in this workbook.
You should also ensure that you do not change the name of your main class - it must be called `GameServer`.
If you change the name of the class (or the `handleCommand` method) the marking script will not be able to test your code !
It is **ESSENTIAL** that you check your code still passes the original test script provided as part of the maven project.
If your code does not pass these basic tests, then it is likely your code not not pass any of the marking test scripts.

Make sure your code does not contain anything specific to your computer (e.g. absolute file paths, operating system specific code etc).
Before submitting your code, we advise your to test your project on a computer _other than the one it was developed on_ (e.g. a lab machine).
Clear out all temporary files and then ensure the code compiles and runs correctly using Maven. We will apply a penalty mark if we cannot run your code
"out of the box" - we can't spend time fixing everyones projects before we mark them !

You should be sure include a suitable range of tests to your project.
Your aim is to verify the correct operation all of the features of the game that you have implemented.
The completeness and comprehensivity of your test cases will be taken into account during the marking of this assignment.
Remember to include the entire `cw-stag` project structure when you submit your code
(including both your `main` source folder as well as the `test` folder containing your test scripts).

Note that the "quality" of your code will be taken into account when assessing your work.
The code quality metrics outlined earlier in this unit will be used to derive your final mark.
It is important therefore that you adhere to the structure and style guidelines outlined in the "code quality" workbook.
It is also essential that you take heed of the quality feedback you have received for previous exercises,
since this will help you improve your work - not just for this exercise, but in the long term.